How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

This exercise helped pinpoint the location of differences between the two files in a quick, succinct way.
Rather than needing to manually search through the file,
diff made it easier to simply go straight to the file differences and check for any mistakes.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Having multiple versions of the entire file helps if there is a situation where there needs to be a rollback to a previous style
of the program/file, or if there was a previously written way of doing something that was erased but needs to be reused.
It's also useful in the case that a program stops working properly. Rolling back to a previous, stable version of the file
will help ensure that users always have a working version of the product.
Finally, version control can help for testing out new features that might potentially break old parts of a program.
Being able to test something or iterate on an idea without risking losing the entire functionality of the program is helpful for
trying new, innovative ideas.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Pros:
Allows me to determine best times to make a change
Adds a logical order and timing to the commits
Potentially easier for another person to understand when looking at commit histories
Prevents multiple commits with tiny changes

Cons:
Possible to forget a commit
Adds extra layers of work to a project, whereas auto-saving makes it easier to just focus on work

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Git is designed for programmers and others where interrelated documents and files are more common. Google Docs is created more
for those who are going to be using files for standalone purposes. Since Google Docs uses auto-saving, it would also be harder to 
bundle those documents together, while manual commits make it easier to group things together.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
Git log lets me see the changes throughout a project, while git diff lets me see the specific changes made between two commits

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
It becomes much easier to identify and fix mistakes in git because every version is saved.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
Some coding projects. Mostly just for messing around and helping where I can on other projects.